[Identity] Wait for VerificaionPage response to return when process is killed (#5816)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGED][5789](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/5789) We now disable the back button while confirming intents with `PaymentLauncher` to prevent them from incorrectly being displayed as failed.

### PaymentSheet
* [ADDED][5676](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/5676) Added `AddressLauncher`, an [activity](https://stripe.com/docs/elements/address-element?platform=android) that collects local and international addresses for your customers.

> ### Identtiy
> * [FIXED][5816](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/5816) Wait for VerificaionPage response to return when process is killed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Identity
* [FIXED][5816](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/5816) Fixed an issue where the SDK would crash when recovering from process death.
```
